hey J Clarke going over this project arm
Z 454 Transworld great bike stock one
the trans little shootout I think the
last two years a really good bike
all-around stock and we want to see what
we could do to improve this thing we're
gonna go around and tell you what we did
here so the main thing we wanted to do
is just get a little bit of power
increase while keeping the motor
relatively reliable with good good parts
that wouldn't wouldn't cause any
problems long term and so we went with a
high compression piston from vertex with
some hot cam stage 2 cams so that's the
main motor mod we did and so what that
does that cams and give us a little bit
more bottom to mid power and the cam is
a little bit more mid to top so good
power increase throughout is what we're
looking for FMF mega bomb header with a
RCT 4.1 muffler really good combo works
good all around and kind of something we
even do with just the stock motor
a good upgrade okay so for the motor the
only other performance thing we did was
added a bit of a renegade fuel to give
us that extra umph we're looking for and
the rest of the motor is all stock we
were able to use the stock valve springs
and the hot cams can use the stock valve
springs good reliability on the valve
train and that's what we are going for
there so the the Hinson clutch is a
really good clutch setup for all these
bikes it one of the little weaker parts
on the arms II would be the clutch in
this so you want to upgrade the entire
clutch setup when that time comes and
your parts are worn out you can upgrade
to the Hinson setup for this project
went with some really cool looking
wheels and rim set up it's a complete
wheel set from tusk and the entire setup
is a 499 499 bucks with Free Shipping so
it's a really affordable wheel set and
yet it looks really cool and durability
is really good as well to add some
braking power to this bike we added an
oversized front rotor from tusk as well
and that just gives us a real good added
grip when we want to stop good to
upgrade to any any any race bike you got
is an oversized front rotor so for the
bars and up there are controls we went
some rent all 99 seven bars same bin as
the stock Honda bars kind of a good
standard there works connection perch
lever really good feel there also works
connection has a new front brake lever
that they have really nice
feel to it a lot like stock but you
comes in black CV for added some nice
hoses here and we got these in yellow
they have them in all kinds of colors
really cool looking feature to customize
your bike
cb4 also added our hiked high temp cap
keep us from boiling over on the start
line or anything like that run a little
bit higher operating temperatures that
way works connection also has radiator
braces really nice when you're racing to
have some added strength there to help
you finish out the Moto the stock arms D
suspension is kind of the main thing
holding the bike back shock every seems
okay with the shock the forks can be a
love-hate deal and most guys feel like
the stock the front part of the stroke
is a bit soft and get you into the
harshness of the mid stroke race tech
addressed those issues for us to go up
with a little bit better setup for us on
the suspension chain of sprockets in the
spike went with some rental chain of
sprockets and made it up to the way we
use the stock gearing pulls the stock
hearing very well also we had an Air
Force moto testing air air boot looks
really good add a little bit a little
bit more power to the bike as well with
it with that on for the look of the bike
attack graphics made of some custom
graphics and moto seat made us up a nice
pleated gripper seat cover hey this is
rich Taylor with Transworld motocross
out here at Pala Raceway just got done
riding this hopped-up rmz 450
it's got like a high compression piste
in some cam work done to it some
suspension just want to tell you a
little bit of how it was on the track
you know for a not such an expensive
modification to a bike it's amazing how
much better these things can get you
know the high compression piston and the
cam setup give the bike so much more
wrap out of the corner it's amazing you
can run a gear higher kind of all the
way around the track and the thing just
pulls it just makes it nice and smooth
and easy you don't have to be so up and
down on the shift lever you can just
kind of be a little bit lazy almost put
it in third gear cruise these two
corners and just let it run the things
got in power for days it's insane how
fast these things go you know it's just
really easy to make it really really
fast
suspension wise race tech did their
modifications set it up
I weigh about 170 175 pounds you know
they did the fork mod and the shock mod
basically just made it a lot better
coming out of the corners with the shock
acceleration bumps got plusher made
traction to the rear tire a lot better
hooked up and then you know the forks at
first they were a little bit div' we
stiffened them up slightly gave a little
bit of compression and then they were
just they worked really well balance was
excellent braking bumps no problem all
these big out here call it today the
jumps are really big you know we had no
issues with them bottoming or anything
that's about it for the hopped-up armsie
450 this is definitely a great way to go